Main Character: Suszane the old chicken. Setting: The farm and forest.
This is the story of a chicken named Suszane. Suszane was a large old hen who spent her whole life inside of a chicken coop. One day, regretful of never seeing anything more than the chicken coop, she left the safety of the her home to go on a great adventure.
She decided her first stop was going to be the farmer's house. AS she got close, a big dog jumped out and chased her. She ran away as quick as she could and hid in some bushes. The farmer's house was too dangerous to visit, she thought.

After the farmer's house didn't work out, Suzane decided to try and explore the forest.
Upon entering the forest, she was able to see the massive redwood trees towering
over her. She had never seen anything so tall in her life and felt intimidated.
As she went further into the forest, she started to feel like she was being watch.
Then, out of the corner of her eye, she saw two eyes hiding in a bush looking at
her. It was a wolf!

The wolf was the size of a jelly bean. The wolf was also yellow,
which is kinda weird. Suzane ate the wolf because he looked tasty. 
Suzane was so horrified by what she had done after sobering up that she
traveled to the nearest farmer's market in the nearby town and buying
lettuce to feed the wolf. She would eat the lettuce and the wolf would eat
the lettuce inside her stomache.

2 days later suzance get fever and she is coughing, in a shortness of breath,and a strong desire to travel further espeically to the place where there is a lot of people. So suzance decide to have a walk down the street in manhaton. After midnight she came out and dress like a pet dog hoping this diguse will not cause anything attention and there is no man walkinng in the street in the middle of the night.But she is wrong , there is a lot of punks on the street. When they see such a cute dog they touch him and play catch with him. Then the day after that these punks go skate in the crowd. 3 days later there are more than 10000 corona virus in NYC.   


Suzane decided to take a walk to the store. Despite the urge to go inside, Suzane decided to go back home. She laid her head to rest in her bed, determined to sleep the day away,
because it had been a long and confusing one. Hopefully she would feel better tomorrow. 
